Dee's Chocolate Cake (aka Sex Cake)

This is a recipe I've been baking since 1996. It trumps all other
chocolate cakes. If you don't believe me, bake it yourself and try
it. If you still don't believe me, send me a better recipe
(deeglaze@lambda-calcul.us).

Ingredients:

Batter:
3 cups of all purpose flour
2 cups sugar
6 tablespoons cocoa powder.
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking soda.
2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar
3/4 cup canola oil
2 cups water

Filling:
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
12 ounces of semi-sweet chocolate chips
12 ounces of cream-cheese
2 large eggs
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoons flour
 
Glaze (for 12in diameter pan. For a 13in by 9in pan, multiply by 4/3):
3 oz unsweetened chocolate
4 tablespoons butter
1.5 cups powdered sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
approx. 3 tablespoons hot water

Baking instructions:
Heat oven to 375 Fahrenheit. For either the 12in diameter pan or 13in
by 9in pan, cut out a base of parchment paper (trace along bottom of
pan with a pencil), place in the pan, lightly butter (Pam works well
too) and flour the pan.

Start with the filling. Allow cream cheese to soften. Mix all
ingredients in a large bowl and set aside.

For the batter, mix all dry ingredients in a large bowl until the
cocoa powder is well distributed. 
Mix wet ingredients in a separate bowl.
Add wet mixture to dry mixture a little at a time, mixing the whole
time.

Pour batter in the pan, and use a couple spoons to add dollops of
filling in a uniform distribution. Use a butter knife to swirl the
filling (up and back horizonally, then side to side vertically).

Cook for 40-55 minutes - until a toothpick comes out clean from the
middle.
Let cool and then remove from pan. Remove parchment paper and let cool
to room temperature.

For glaze, melt butter and chocolate in microwave ( 1 min. to start,
then stir and continue 30 seconds at a time until melted) Add vanilla,
sugar, and water to desired consistency. Spread on cake evenly (do
your best! Wet your spreading implement if it is sticking) and let
chill overnight in the refridgerator.
